(birds chirping)
- [Nana O] Those strawberry
glasses were still
on sale at the hundred yen
store.
But when I thought about Hachi,
who took such special
care of the two we had,
the cut on my left cheek that
I don't remember getting,
(glass crashing)
started to hurt like hell.
(upbeat rock music)
(cash register beeping)
- [Cashier] That'll be 105 yen.
- [Nana O] I'll go back home
tonight
and tell Hachi that I'm sorry.
- [Cashier] Thank you, have a
good day.
- [Nana O] The glass fell
and smashed to pieces.
I can't really remember,
but I'm pretty sure that's what
happened.
How the hell did I end
up at Ren's place, anyway?
I was trying to stay away from
there
so we could avoid any
kind of scandal.
Oh, well.
Good thing I didn't
wake up at Yasu's.
I've gotta stop being
so dependent on Yasu.
He isn't my boyfriend.
(Reira crying)
- Reira.
I'm really sorry,
but I'm gonna have to
get back to work soon.
(gasps softly)
- Sorry.
- I'll come back
as soon as I can.
Will you stay here
until I get back?
- Uh huh.
- I'll lock the door behind me.
Don't open it for anyone else.
- Okay.
(lock clicks)
(soft music)
- [Reira] I'm so sorry, Yasu,
for calling you like this.
I couldn't think of anyone
else I could talk to.
Takumi told us he's getting
married.
He said it like it was
no big deal.
And I just ran away
from the studio.
I didn't feel like
singing anymore.
But I didn't know what
to do or where to go.
I feel like wherever I go,
everyone's watching me.
I'm scared.
If people knew that I just
ran out of a recording,
they'd be so disappointed in me.
The staff, the fans.
They'd ditch me, saying
I'm finished.
But the thing is,
I just can't sing.
What can I do?
If I can't sing, I'm worthless!
(Reira sniffs)
- I just heard back from Mr.
Takeda.
She didn't go back to
the hotel either.
- Hmm.
- Well, did she take her
stuff with her?
Did you try calling her cell?
- Yes, several times,
but she won't answer.
- It's so bizarre she'd
run off like that.
She was all amped to
record when she came in.
- Does anyone have any
idea where else Reira
might have run off to?
Sorry to ask, but I've
only been here a few days
and I haven't really seen who
she likes to hang out with.
- Maybe she has a secret lover!
- Come to think of it,
what close friends
does she have anyway?
- No idea, don't ask me.
- But isn't it true
that you and Reira
have known each other
since you were kids?
- Yeah, what's your point?
- Nothing.
- So what do we do, Takumi?
Should we go ahead and record
without her?
- How can we be expected to
concentrate
when everyone around
here's freaking out?
There's just no way.
- Ah, man.
- Sorry about that.
It's all right, Mari.
Your job here is to
take care of Reira.
So just worry about her and
nevermind everything else, okay?
- Okay.
- So now go find her and drag
her back.
(door thuds)
- [Mari] I'm sorry.
- Don't cry, Mari.
He's scary, huh?
He scares me too.
- So boozing it up on the job,
huh?
- It's water.
- If the band is as important
to you, as you say it is,
then why'd you say something
that would upset our princess
right before recording?
Kind of a brutal way to get her
fired up.
- Whatever that's
supposed to mean.
- Don't act so stupid.
You know, Reira's
in love with you.
- Dammit, why'd you say that?
You know how hard
it's been for me
to pretend I don't know
that?
- Ignoring it will just
make things worse.
You know, once you get married,
Reira might not wanna
sing anymore.
- If me getting married means
she's gonna stop singing
then we have big problems.
It's just that I'm not in
love with her or anything.
I can't help how I feel.
- Then I guess there's really
nothing you can do about it.
But if Reira won't sing,
Trapnest is finished.
- You think I don't know that?
Just what the hell do
you suggest I do?
- If the emperor showed
a little more love,
the princess might wanna sing.
- You telling me to do it
with Reira?
Geez, man.
She's like a little sister to
me, so you can just forget it.
- But you're not a
blood relative.
- That isn't the point.
- Look, for as long
as I've known you,
you've never let anything get
in the way
of what it is that you
want, have you?
Compared to marrying the
girl next door,
who's only after your wallet,
your empire could grow
with a marriage of
convenience to Reira.
- Empire?
- It fits.
- I never thought you
could come up with a plan
that ambitious.
- This isn't about what I want.
I'm merely suggesting a
strategy that a megalomaniac
like you might be interested in.
- Hey, don't get all
high and mighty on me.
Let's not forget that you
ditched your girlfriend
in your old band.
Then you sold your
soul for success,
even though I'm the one
who bought it.
- Huh?
My soul?
- You were the full on punk
rocker.
You were that cool rebel
playing whatever you wanted
in little dive bars
all over town.
Well, I mean, you're
still cool now,
just in a mainstream way.
- Well, I, for one, wanna
hear Ren Honjo's soul shout.
- It's weird, don't you think?
The bigger the empire gets,
the more confining it feels?
Before I knew it,
I went and lugged my
precious little sister
on the top of the highest tower.
Even I can't love her there.
That's the greatest
sin of my life.
She only knows how to sing.
She's ignorant about
everything else.
There's nothing I can
do about it now.
I can only hope that somewhere,
there's a prince out there
who'll care enough to climb
that tower and hold her.
(phone ringing)
What's wrong with you?
You don't turn your phone
off during recording?
- I don't see any recording
going on here.
- Fine then, just at
least put it on vibrate.
- Hello darling.
No, that's okay.
The emperor is in a
foul mood right now,
so we aren't doing anything.
Sure, he's right beside me.
- Who the hell is it?
- Her former prince,
the bald one.
(light music)
- Excuse me, but are you
Takumi from Trapnest?
I am a huge fan of yours.
Can I shake your hand?
Thank you so much.
- [Child] Who's that mommy?
Is he a famous singer?
- No, I play the bass.
(child laughs)
- Wasn't that great?
- Sorry to bother you.
I know you're really
busy right now.
- You know what this does?
It's gonna make her
hate me all over again.
But when she told me
she's worthless,
unless she's a singer,
I didn't break up with her to
hear her say things like that.
You better do something about
it.
- If that's how you feel,
why don't you do
something about it?
Being the hated one is
my exclusive right.
(door clicks)
(Reira gasps)
- Yasu, you traitor!
Baldie!
- Please, calm down.
It's all right.
I'm not gonna force you
to go anywhere.
It's okay, they postponed
the recording.
Takumi arranged at all.
He went by himself and
talked things over
with the president of
the record label.
He asked for some time off till
you're ready to sing again.
We'll still have to
rearrange the schedule a bit,
but the week you're
supposed to be recording,
you can take off and do
whatever you want.
Everything's fine now.
I know that Takumi might
say harsh things sometimes,
but he cares a lot about you.
- [Reira] You're wrong, Mari.
- Huh?
- Takumi...Takumi
has abandoned me.
Who needs a singer who just
runs away from everything?
(Mari gasps)
- What are you saying?
I'm sure that's not true.
- I'm sorry, Mari.
I'll go back to the studio now,
so please contact
everyone, okay?
- But you couldn't possibly
sing in this condition.
- Please, I mean it!
Don't take away my
chance to sing.
Singing is all I have.
- What an annoying place.
Enough Trapnest already.
Hey, play some enka!
You're ruining our
ramen noodles here, man.
- I'm sorry.
We'll eat fast and
get outta here.
This is satellite radio,
so of course they're playing
all the popular stuff.
Besides, it's one of
the songs Ren wrote.
At least like it for
that reason.
- This isn't one of Ren's songs.
- But seriously, I think
you should go see a doctor.
- A doctor?
- Yeah.
Don't you think it's kind of
freaky that you blacked out?
I can go with you if you want.
- What the hell?
Why do you keep saying
something's wrong with me?
It's totally rude.
- But you've been saying
it as much as I have.
What if you hit your head
or you've got some kind
of brain disease?
Go see a doctor.
- Listen, I'm totally fine.
Man, I just knew I never
should have told you
any of that stuff.
Sometimes you're so
annoying, Nobuo.
That was some good grub.
Now I'll keep my end of the
bargain and listen to you whine.
- Nah, it's all right.
If I tell you you'll just
rub salt in the wound.
- Uh-huh, you're gonna tell
me all of it.
How can everything turn
to hell in just one day?
- Everything?
- You really don't know?
Just what the hell
have you been up to?
- What about you?
Where have you been
hiding since last night?
Hachi was going through so much.
Sometimes you're too cold.
If you're her friend, you should
have gone to her right away
and just listened to her.
She just apologized to me.
She didn't say anything else.
- You went to see her?
- Yeah, but you're
her best friend.
So she might have told you
how she was really feeling.
- But when I went
home this morning,
she barely even looked at me.
She didn't even say one word.
Takumi did all the
talking for her.
- What'd he say?
It's all right, tell me.
At this point, nothing
will shock me.
- He said they're
getting married.
You're totally freaking out,
aren't you?
Who wouldn't freak out?
I mean it's insane, right?
I'm sorry, Nobuo.
Are you all right?
- Yeah.
Well, not really.
I mean, I sort of knew it was
over
when I saw Nana yesterday.
- Nana?
I suppose I knew it all along.
After everything, she's
still in love with Takumi.
- [Nana] You always called her
Hachi in front of everyone.
- The thing is, I was
going out with her before.
Why hasn't she told me anything?
Was I irresponsible?
Was I really that
unavailable to her?
- It's okay to cry, Nobuo.
Cry on my shoulder.
- What are you doing?
- Don't be embarrassed.
Come on, we're good
friends, aren't we?
- But people are staring!
- Let them stare.
You're too short to be
acting cool, anyway.
- Don't call me short.
At least I'm taller
than you are.
- I know that.
And I also know that your
heart is 10 times bigger
than mine could ever be.
Before I knew you, I hated
everyone and everything.
I couldn't trust
a single person.
Then I met you and for the
first time I thought this world
wasn't such a bad place.
Terashima, thanks for
letting me these.
Nobuo, you are not
irresponsible.
Don't get down on yourself
'cause a girl ditched you.
- Your spikes are digging into
my neck.
It kind of hurts.
- [Nana] Nobuo's shoulders
are way scrawnier than Ren's.
But they weren't shaking.
I told him to cry on
my shoulder,
but I ended up crying
on his instead.
I owe a mountain of
debt to Nobuo.
So, I can't patch things
up with Hachi.
I'll take the strawberry
glass to Ren's place.
- I can't use this!
You staked out his pad for
a month,
and you couldn't get
one photo of them together?
- And that's because
their schedules conflict,
so they don't cross
paths very often.
Plus, they don't go out
anywhere together.
- You always have excuses!
They probably spotted you and
they started being careful.
Why do we hire such idiots?
- Why don't we just write the
article
using our two best shots?
- Nope, not good enough.
- You want someone else
to break this story?
- Kurata, you're gonna fly
to their hometown right away.
- Huh?
- Trapnest is gonna be
recording in the studio
every day this week.
No action there.
So while that's going
on, you're gonna dig up
whatever information you can
on Ren Honjo and Nana Osaki
- Want a drag.
- Gaia seems to be dropping the
ball on Blast's debut album.
But this will still be
the hottest gossip around.
I'll shoot up some big
fireworks,
and before you know it,
Blast will be thrown into
the same ring as Trapnest.
You ought be thanking me, Nana
Osaki.
It'll be the ultimate battle of
the bands.
- [Mailman] Miss Komatsu?
Courier delivery.
(light rock music)
(Nana K gasps)
- [Nana O] Hey Hachi.
I was hostile towards Trapnest
'cause I was jealous of Reira.
She stole Ren's heart,
not romantically,
but as a lead singer.
I just wanted to be
as big as Ren.
I never meant to make
them my enemy.
- Damn, it's beautiful.
This'll sell way more
than a million.
- Tell me, how much harder
are you gonna push her?
- I don't know what you mean.
- Huh?
- At least let me accompany
her with my guitar.
Since you won't let
me give her a hug.
- [Nana O] But ever since
that day
you were taken away from me,
I was determined to crush them.
I was gonna steal you
back, no matter what.